Where’s Qín Ruò Yǔ?
The great designer of the year, tell her to face me
You here
Without an appointment
Can’t get in
What are you
To dare block Young Master Fù?
It’s fine
Go inside and rest
Daring to cause trouble at Qín Shì
Fù Jiā Háo
You’ve got some guts
Qín Ruò Yǔ
You dared bully Sī Sī
I’ll take your life
I thought
You couldn’t secure
The Dì Háo Group contract
So you came here specially
To kneel and beg for my forgiveness
Getting a contract by seducing men
And you dare show off here
Qín Ruò Yǔ
How didn’t I realize before
You’re such a shameless
Slut?
Stay away from me
I’m still disgusted
But
You can take a good look
At your Sī Sī
How slutty she is
When seducing men
As long as you serve me well
And follow me
It’s easy
Then you better keep your word
Keep my word, keep my word
I
Like girls like you
Obedient and understanding